The idea of Supersoft is to start from a business need
and to arrive, little by little, at a solution perfectly suited to that need.
And so, at something easy to use, and easy to evolve.
How do we do it?
We start by really understanding the user's domain,
and at the outset we create a scope document for the application
that defines the scope — but something very short, very broad
and fairly vague, which will not change much over the life of the application's development.
And then, starting from a vision, we define the different features
by understanding the user's different domains very well.
For example, for a non-profit, the membership domain,
the domain of creating videos.
The domain of events, and of registering for events.
And from there, in each of these domains,
we describe them very precisely, with extremely precise words,
to define a language that will be used in the code
and in the descriptions of the application, so that we understand what we are talking about,
so that the developers understand perfectly
what the terms are, what happens,
what the tool is for, very precisely.
From there, we have a general scope,
a very precise description of each business need,
an extremely precise lexicon.
We will also have business rules that are unambiguous,
really very precise,
written in those business terms.
And that already makes code that is already...
Well, attributes.
So we have business rules that are already laid out.
things that will be a first version of the core of the application, which are the business rules, which
will not necessarily have an interface yet, but are already very precise code — testable, un-
ambiguous — and it is very clear what it is for when you are a developer looking at
the code. And then we also make prototypes of the interfaces, and that is really
a co-creation with the customer and with the users, so we can have
prototypes tested, check what feels smooth, what works well. Of
course these prototypes integrate the business rules, which are
easy to develop and to understand. And then, once we have these prototypes, we can
refine them to make something beautiful, make very realistic mock-ups, and that can already be
a first version of the application, but for now completely disconnected from any
external system — really just a demonstration application. And
once all of that is properly validated, all it takes is connecting this interface to a
database or an email system, etc., to have a tool that is really operational in production. Once
we have a first version, we can carry on the same way, adding
prototypes for new features or even new domains: we define, in turn,
the lexicon, the rules, the prototypes, the mock-ups, finalise them, and from there we will have
a new version, new versions, etc. And systematically we will always be able to check
old versions if needed, and preview future versions.
